Feat(Mesh): Issue identity with MeshIdentity Spire provider (#5152)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/mesh/issue-identity-with-meshidentity.md

## Inspect trust configuration

The `MeshIdentity` creates a `MeshTrust` resource.

1. Verify that the `MeshTrust` exists:

   ```sh
   kubectl get meshtrusts -n {{ site.mesh_namespace }}
   ```

   You should see the following output:

   ```text
   NAME       AGE
   identity   45s
   ```
   {:.no-copy-code}

1. Inspect the full generated `MeshTrust` resource:

   ```sh
   kubectl get meshtrust identity -n {{ site.mesh_namespace }} -oyaml
   ```

   The generated `MeshTrust` should look like this:

   ```yaml
   apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
   kind: MeshTrust
   metadata:
     labels:
       kuma.io/env: kubernetes
       kuma.io/mesh: default
       kuma.io/origin: zone
       kuma.io/zone: default
     name: identity
     namespace: {{ site.mesh_namespace }}
   spec:
     caBundles:
     - pem:
         value: |
           -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
           ...
           -----END CERTIFICATE-----
       type: Pem
     origin:
       kri: kri_mid_default_default_{{ site.mesh_namespace }}_identity_
     trustDomain: default.default.mesh.local
   ```
   {:.no-copy-code}

> In the generated `MeshTrust`, the control plane generates the `caBundle`, and the `trustDomain` comes from the `MeshIdentity` template. The `origin` value specifies the KRI (Kuma Resource Identifier) of the `MeshIdentity` that generated this trust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the displayed `MeshTrust`:

- The control plane generates the `caBundle` (Certificate Authority bundle): the root certificate that the `identity` uses to sign workload certs in the Mesh zone.
- The `MeshIdentity` template provides the `trustDomain`: `default.default.mesh.local` in our example.
- The `origin` value gives the KRI (Kuma Resource Identifier) of the `MeshIdentity` that generated this trust.
```
